hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a science fiction horror film: "Sea Fever"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
in order to complete her dissertation, a PhD student of biology, Siobhan
has joined a crew of six people on a trawler, setting off for an outing for fish
at first, everything goes on well, and the trawler arrives at the deep-sea area as planned
then, they are all very excited to find that there are whales around
believing they will bring them good luck
however, Siobhan finds it strange as whales do not usually show up in the fishing area
she tries to warn the others, but to no avail
people there think she just makes an unnecessary fuss
later, the skipper couple finds a large haul of fish is moving towards them at a fast speed
and the next second, the ship is hit heavily by some unknown object
Siobhan then finds that the texture of the plank on the bottom of the ship
seems to have been changed somehow, with numerous tiny bongo packages
Siobhan pokes one of them, and the plank just breaks apart
then, the bongo packages begin to exude some greenish slime
moments later, the skipper couple discover that the boat seems to have been tangled up
as they cannot move it anymore
what's worse, in order to catch more fish, they have driven the boat to the exclusion zone
which is far away from the mainland, and they cannot even call for help
Siobhan becomes very interested in these unknown creatures
she gets some and wants to test what exactly they are
there, the skipper comes and peels off one of the packages
and some reddish squirming things get inside the boat
Siobhan thinks the creature may be some kind of barnacles
in order to figure it out, she decides to dive underneath the water to take a look
then, what she sees underwater terrifies her greatly
the boat is stuck by the tentacles of a giant bio-luminescent creature
there seem to be even sharp teeth on the tentacles, and even a knife cannot cut them off
in fear of the mysterious creature, Siobhan gets back to the boat right away
she tells the others about what she has just seen, but they think it is only a giant squid
therefore, they try to capture the creature with a net, but make no success as it is too heavy
then, one of the crew, Johnny, tries to winch it up under the skipper's order
however, while releasing the net, Johnny's hand is caught in the winch
though eventually freed from the winch
Johnny's hand is seriously injured with blood all over
Siobhan has a bad feeling about it
not long after the incident, Siobhan sees another fishing ship not far away
she immediately tells the skipper couple that they can make use of the other ship
to get rid of the giant "squid"
however, there is no response after they send out the signal
so Siobhan and two crew members decide to take a rowboat to that ship
after arriving, they find no one on the ship at first
Siobhan tries to use their radio to call for help
but surprisingly finds the radio has already been destroyed
then, they walk into the cabin, which is in a total mess, and nobody is there
it turns out that people on that ship have all died, but not long ago
all of them are dead in horrible ways
with one bloodied all over his body and another man's eyeballs popped out
the skipper thinks those people might have sea fever
a disease that will make people gradually lose mind and even kill each other
as there is no other plausible explanation, and in order not to make the crew panic as well
the three agree not to say a word about what they see on the ship
when they return to their ship, the giant "squid" seems to have left the boat
so the boat can continue with its journey
however, Siobhan once again argues that it doesn't make sense
as those marine organisms will never set the prey-at-hand free
once again, the others don't take her words seriously
and the skipper couple continue with the fishing again
they soon get a good harvest of fish, which greatly cheers the crew up
however, no one notices the slime on the net
and Johnny, who has a wound on his hand, even touches the slime
because of that, Johnny develops a fever soon
and there seems to be something wrong with his eyes
seeing that, Siobhan checks Johnny's eyes
and is frightened to see something white flashing by in his eye
however, when the skipper checks his eyes again, the white shade disappears
Johnny insists that he is fine
and others think that Siobhan may be just so nervous that she gets an illusion
later when Johnny is trying to reduce the discomfort in his eyes with the water
the discomfort turns into a huge pain and gets severe
then, Johnny is terrified to find he cannot see anything
his eyeballs begin to congest and in the end, break apart
the blood rolls down from his eyes, so do the numerous disgusting small worms
Siobhan realizes that the worms may actually be parasites
which can be transmitted by the water
shortly after, Johnny dies due to an excessive loss of blood
at the same time, when taking a shower
another crew is horrified to find he also gets infected with the parasites
tiny holes are spreading all over his body, with blood continuously oozing out
recalling the dead bodies that they see on the other boat
Siobhan believes they probably die from the same infection
in panic, they check the water pipes on the boat
and find that the parasites have bitten through the steel water filters
then Siobhan goes to check the water tank
and finds that it is already filled with parasites too
that is the only freshwater left on the boat now, so everyone is in great panic
Siobhan says that the parasites should be saltwater larvae
meaning that they cannot survive the freshwater
hearing that, the others finally get a little bit relieved
however, it doesn't go as Siobhan says
when she checks the tank several hours later
she is terrified to find that the parasites are still alive and have even destroyed the net
what's worse, the parasites are now starting to eat the boat
so Siobhan collects some of the slimes and takes a closer look at them under the microscope
she surprisingly finds that those parasites are actually from the slime
that also suggests it is not a giant squid entangling the boat
but some mysterious creature that has never been seen before
the creature must have mistakenly taken the boat as a prey
and excretes the slime full of parasites
which will break into human bodies through the wounds
everyone has some kind of wound caused by fishing, so they are vulnerable to parasites
in order to prevent the situation from getting worse
Siobhan suggests they kill all the parasites and their eggs
they try the disinfectant and self-made UV light, but neither of them works
in desperation, Siobhan comes up with a very risky idea
she wants to electrocute the parasites
though they will not get hurt as long as they put on the rubber boots
there is a huge risk that the boat could get on fire
however, in the end, they decide to give it a try at this life-or-death moment
fortunately, it works
more than half of the parasites have been wiped out in that way
just as they are about to go ashore now
Siobhan explains that they should wait 36 hours to ensure that they are all clear
so as to avoid infecting people ashore
however, no one agrees with her proposal, especially seeing another crew member die
in order to stop them, Siobhan throws the rope into the sea
which then entangles the propeller, forcing the boat to a violent stop
the others get so mad at Siobhan, but they have to accept it now
Siobhan then starts to check all the members' eyes
and finds that only the skipper has been infected
then, the skipper confesses that he changed course to the exclusion zone, causing all this
and in order to reduce his pain, he then asks his wife to end his miserable life
after that, just when the rest of them think they are finally safe now
an old woman starts to act weirdly and even tries to strangle Siobhan
in a mess, Siobhan knocks the old woman off the ladder and kills her
to their shock, the tear shed from her eye turns out to be a living parasite
indicating the old woman is also infected
by now, the skipper's wife can no longer bear all this
she takes a rowboat and leaves alone
now, there are only two people on the boat, Siobhan and another crew member, Omid
the two then hear some noise from the tank
they immediately go upstairs to check and find that the parasites are now all over the tank
indicating that they can also live in the freshwater
Siobhan and Omid decide to kill them by heat, but it doesn't work
to make things worse, the unknown creature comes back and eats through the bottom of the boat
as the boat begins to sink, they have no choice, but to abandon the boat and take the raft
Siobhan sets the boat on fire and jumps onto the raft
Omid cannot swim, but he accidentally falls into the sea and is pulled deep down by the creature
Siobhan cannot stand seeing Omid dying like this in front of her
she then jumps into the sea to save him
just then, they surprisingly notice that there is another fishing boat moving towards them
thinking they can finally be saved
however, Siobhan suddenly declares that she is infected, showing Omid the cut on her wrist
it turns out that she was cut by a tentacle when rescuing Omid
Siobhan bids her last goodbye to Omid
before jumping into the sea and swimming down towards the unknown creature
in the end, Omid becomes the only survivor, but no one knows whether he is infected or not
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out